In the world of geography...
She's still blooming
No limit
So that we can manage it
The reports about sending abandon already
are realized
in many other examples
By then...
not just so
as they will be improved
in the whole town
The Japanese military has been trying to destroy the Hina Army by using radio broadcasts.
In other words, the Hina Army is not yet surrounded by the Jyoshu coastline.
They have declared that they are in the space field of the offensive battle by lowering the decisive battle.
Eventually, the students of the university of 1 million, the school of experts, are ready for the front line.
The Japanese military is broadcasting the last battle every day when it is defeated by the Japanese army, which is unable to succeed today.
Our broadcast station is about 10 miles from the Jyoshu town, which is located in the north of the Jyoshu town.
The Japanese military is now coming to the south of the Jyoshu town.
The Japanese military is now in the south of the Jyoshu town.
The sky of the front line that we are going to descend is clear.
We received a star that looks like it will shine.
We are getting energetic and the new season is coming.
The Jyoshu people, even though the Jyoshu is defeated, the war is not over yet.
In other words, the enemy's defense is still strong in the east.
They are creating strong defensive vehicles and approaching the Japanese army and resisting.
The enemy is also moving to the west, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south.
The enemy's defensive vehicles are the most powerful weapons that can be imagined with knives.
There are many people who are screaming that the war is coming.
I am the first to recognize the great performance of the 15th Army.
This is the most important point that I will tell the 15th Army.
It is the time to show the 15th Army's performance.
The broadcast of the 00 front line will end on the 4th.
That's all.